### Define OKRs for your Sprint (Kata)

**Write down your objective and key results for this sprint in OKR
format.**

_**Duration:** 30 minutes_

In the last kata you (hopefully) learned a lot about the formulation of
OKRs. Now you can apply this to the planning for the running
sprint. To do this, use John Doer\'s OKR formula to formulate your objective:

*I want (objective): \...\...\.... as measured by \...\...\.... (Key
Results):*

Check your **objective** with the following criteria (source:
[Google):](https://rework.withgoogle.com/guides/set-goals-with-okrs/steps/set-objectives-and-develop-key-results/)

-   The objective is demanding and feels a bit uncomfortable.

-   The Objective uses phrases that trigger new activities (not: keep,
    continue).

-   The Objective uses phrases that describe an end state (e.g. \"climb
    the mountain\", \"ship feature Y\").

-   The Objective uses tangible and unambiguous terms. It should be
    clear to an outsider whether a goal has been achieved or not.

Check your **key results** against the following criteria:

-   Not more than three key results are defined per objective.

-   The key results express measurable milestones that bring you closer
    to the objective when you reach it.

-   The key results are measurable and can be measured on a scale of
    0.0 - 1.0 (or 0 - 100%).

-   The key results express results, not activities. The wording of a
    key result should not include words such as \"advice,\" \"help,\"
    \"analyze,\" or \"participate.\"

-   Measurable milestones should include proof of completion. And this
    evidence should be visible, credible and easily comprehensible.
