### Continuous Improvement - The Road to Mastery (Kata)

_**Duration:** 1-3 hours depending on reading speed & number of ideas_

We have already got to know and practice two of the three stages on the
way to the mastery in the last weeks. Applying the basics and the
6-horizon model. For experts focus, orientation and creativity are still
on the agenda. It is simply a matter of using the gained time to
endlessly optimize the experience.

-   Read Chapter 15 in David Allen\'s book \"How to Get Things Done\".
    
-   Choose 1-3 ideas from the last Kata.

-   Continue to work out these ideas for concrete projects and tasks.

    -   What needs to be started now to fulfill the ideas and wishes in
        2-5 years?

    -   Discuss these ideas with people whose advice you value.

    -   Develop a network of new contacts that can help you achieve your
        goals.

-   Outsource more and more \"thinking\" to your GTD System

    -   Find an area you haven\'t captured in your GTD system yet.

    -   Integrate these areas into your GTD routines.

-   Set up an appointment in your calendar (\< 3 months) on which you
    want to repeat this exercise.

**ProTip:** The WOL Learning Path is the ideal support to help you build
a network of contacts that can help you achieve your goals.

**Stop talking, start doing!**

If you read through this guide but are not practising yet you should do so NOW! To start with lernOS is really easy. These five steps will help to start smoothly:

1. **Schedule Time:** define the quarter when you begin to use lernOS. Add the time-slots for  the weekly to your calendar. This regular meeting is of particular importance if you practice in a lernOS Circle.
1. **Define Objectives and Key Results:** use week 0 to define the objectives and the measurable results for the sprint. Choose an objective you really, really care about.
1. **Find a Circle:** look for 3-4 people who want to start a sprint in the same quarter. If someone has been in a circle before he can take the role of the "Circle Moderator".
1. **Organize the Weekly Meeting:** if you don't know each other meet face-to-face in week 0. Use social networks or instant messengers to communicate between the meetings. Use video conferencing tools to organize virtual meetings.
1. **Plan, Do, Learn, Repeat:** Use the last weekly meeting in week 12 to reflect the results and the collaboration in the circle. Decide if you want to run another sprint together.

Keep Calm & Learn On! :-)

