### The 6-horizon model (Kata)

_**Duration:** 60-180 minutes depending on reading speed & altitude_

A third model, besides the **\"Four Criteria\"** and the **\"Three
Steps\"** from the Kata \"Complete\", can help us to reflect our own
work even better. Assuming that we are proficient on levels 0-2
(actions, projects and areas of responsibility) through the consistent
application of our GTD system. We will focus now on levels 3-5 (future
factors, orientations and intentions).

We should do this regularly, but at least once a year.

-   Read Chapter 9 (The 6-Step Model) in David Allen\'s book \"How to Get Things Done\".
    
-   Start thinking about what goals you want to set for the next 1-2
    years. Write each idea down.

-   Then focus on a time horizon that is 3-5 years in the future. Where
    do you want to be then? Where will your company be? What external
    influences will directly or indirectly affect you? Write each idea down.
    
-   Finally consider what purpose your existence had and should have had
    in a time much further than 5 years in the future. Write each idea down.
    
-   Process the notes and decide if there\'s something you really,
    really want to get going. If not, dispose all ideas.

-   Decide on the ideas that are left over, what you want to do with it.
    Such as
-   Create a new project
    
-   Put on the list Some day / Maybe
    
-   Work out even more ideas for the future (with a partner or
        friend)
    
-   Share ideas with others and ask for feedback
    
-   Get professional help (e.g. coach)
    
-   Set up an appointment in your calendar (\< 12 months) on which you
    want to repeat this exercise

**ProTip:** For this exercise, look for a place where nothing doesn\'t bother you.

**ProTip:** Choose a time at which you have a lot of energy.

**ProTip:** Make sure you don\'t have a follow-up event to this exercise.
